hey what's up I'm an architect
when you're an architect like me you do
big architect things
I had a filet of fish food lunch today
oh my God it was amazing did you know
they let you put the mac sauce on the
filet of fish only if you're an
architect
anyway
I made this site so you guys can see how
good of an architect I am
because I went to architecture school in
Boston let me tell you something about
Boston they don't let you put patches on
your sleeves if you're just some regular
small only if you're an architect
anyway
I just wanted to say thank you for
watching my video and uh if you support
Architects like me donate to Saint
Jude's children hospital today
would do me and every other architect a
great big
deal
thank you goodbye